importFiles add hint about user action requirement on some implementations (#53)
webxdc/webxdc_docs: src/spec.md

}
```

Note that you need to trigger this api from a user interaction,
for example when clicking on a button,

> because some implementations, such as the basic simulator (`webxdc.js`) use the `<input type=file>` element under the hood.

Reviewer: so this is how we ended with a "broken" API up-front, sweet :)

Author: you know that the input element has the same problem? you can only do clicks via js when that js code was triggered by a user action

Reviewer 2: the "because" does not really explain the reason:

```suggestion
because some implementations use`<input>` elements under the hood that require user interaction as well.
```
